README.md, before:

Orignal Author:  Amaiya
This Branch: Kosmos		 

Version: 1.3.0.1

Date: 02/11/2026

Beadit, Silmaril version

Abbreviation: //beadit

Required addons: Superwarp, Enternity, Selindrile-Gearswap, Silmaril

Commands:
            load    //lua load beadit
			start   //beadit start
			stop    //beadit stop   
            reload  //beadit reload 
         	unload  //lua unload beadit

Make sure that you set your homepoint to Norg 1 it is hard coded to start there. As well as you need warp ring and Holla teleport ring.
You also need to make sure you have the two required homepoints it will not send you to them if you do not have them.  

This version is made to work with Silmaril.

The gear swap files that are needed are Selindrile's and can be found here. https://github.com/mattwells/Selindrile-GearSwap  

To change the trust that is has it is near the bottom of the main lua Beadit.lua

If you have any questions can just message me on Discord frey4200 

Cheers!

Commit message:

Update README with new autows and combat settings
Added additional instructions for autows feature and combat settings.

README.md, after:

Orignal Author:  Amaiya
This Branch: Kosmos		 

Version: 1.3.0.1

Date: 02/11/2026

Beadit, Silmaril version

Abbreviation: //beadit

Required addons: Superwarp, Enternity, Selindrile-Gearswap, Silmaril

Commands:
            load    //lua load beadit
			start   //beadit start
			stop    //beadit stop   
            reload  //beadit reload 
         	unload  //lua unload beadit

Make sure that you set your homepoint to Norg 1 it is hard coded to start there. As well as you need warp ring and Holla teleport ring.
You also need to make sure you have the two required homepoints it will not send you to them if you do not have them.  

This version is made to work with Silmaril.

The gear swap files that are needed are Selindrile's and can be found here. https://github.com/mattwells/Selindrile-GearSwap  
Uses the autows feature can set in the indivial gear set with autows_list = {['Carn']="Mordant Rime"} to your Weapon options

In Silmaril you want to make sure you have on Combat Atack on, run to target and set enable postion front right or left foot. 
Also make sure you have on Fighting


To change the trust that is has it is near the bottom of the main lua Beadit.lua



If you have any questions can just message me on Discord frey4200 

Cheers!
